Hi, everyone, in this picture, we are going to implement the functionality for the color and the
clear buttons.
All right, so I'm going to come right here and in here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create
a color.
Color, I'm just going to call it B10, so let's go ahead and let's grab the color B10 and we are going
to add an event listener to it and we are looking for a change event.
We are not looking, we are not listening for a click event.
We are listening to the click event is already implemented using by the Domhnall itself.
So now this click already works.
But we are listening, we are looking for this change of these colors.
Right.
So when that happens, we are going to run a function, the function is going to take in the event object
as well, and we want to set it to the color.
So initially, the color is right here.
The color is black.
But whenever the user selects any color from that color input in the in the drawing toolbar, we want
to set that value to this color.
Right.
So I'm going to show you exactly what I mean.
So in here, what I want to do is, first off, I'm going to go ahead and cancel log something and we
are going to consider log dot target.
All right.
So let's see what this actually gives us.
Let's come inside the inspectors, go to console.
Let's come down.
So when I click here, the event is not fire because this is done by him.
But when I click here.
And click away now, this event is fire, and it shows us that this is the input type of color has been
clicked.
So let's do it one more time.
Let's come here.
And when I click away, the event fires again.
Right, because this color has been changed.
Whenever the color is changing, the event is going to fire.
So click away.
The event fires for the third time.
All right.
So what is it that we want to grab from here?
So what is it exactly?
So let's go ahead and let's add the value.
All right, let's see what it's going to give us, so let's, for example, put it here and let's click
away.
The value is this hexadecimal color code and this is exactly what we want to print to the screen.
Right.
So how do we do that?
The way we can do that is I'm just going to go ahead and grab all this, copy it and remove it and replace
it with color.
And we want this value to be set for the color.
We want the color variable to grab the value that has that has been produced by the target that value.
Let's save it.
So let's, for example, grab it, put a put it right there and let's click away.
And now it's exactly that color.
And if we go ahead and if we go ahead and create our console lock, let's put it there and we are going
to create another console log.
And we are going to log the color variable as well.
All right, so both of them should be should be equal.
So when I click away, we can see that the first console log belongs to either target that value.
The second one, which is the value for the color variable, is actually the same thing.
So this color has a code of C seven to two, 30 to three.
Right.
So this is the color code for this color.
So we have successfully implemented the color button.
The only thing remaining here is going to be the clear button.
So this one, whenever we click on it, it should clear the canvas.
So I'm just going to call it clear between first of off, let's grab it and let's add an event listener.
The event that we are listening for is going to be a very, very simple event, which is click.
So when the user clicks, what do we want to do?
I'm going to tell you what.
We are going to grab our drawing object and we are going to call a method called Clear Recht or a clear
rectangle.
And what it is that we want to clear, we want to grab the X coordinate and make it zero.
You want to grab the Y coordinate and make it zero.
We want to grab the canvas that with and clear that and we want to grab the canvas that height H Eigsti
and we want to clear that as well.
So let's go ahead and draw something and let's click on the clear, it does not work.
Let's see what's the problem.
So we have successfully this is the clear button.
We are listening for a click event.
Right.
And when the when this clear button is clicked, we want to grab our X object and we are going to call
a clear rectangle method and we are going to grab the X and Y coordinates and make them zero.
We are going to grab the canvas that with and this is the misspelled right there.
Canvas that height, save it.
Let's draw something and let's click.
It is clear.
So now let's go ahead and let's play around with this a little bit and let's go blue.
I think it's right.
Hi.
What is this?
Move it.
It's increased to there and it's put it to this color.
Let's say they're high.
They're very terrible.
I know.
Let's go ahead and let's decrease it.
And that's right.
How you OK, how?
What is that just going across it?
Unfortunately, we do not have a rubber.
How you doing?
And let's put in an apostrophe and a question mark.
The reason that my handwriting is very, very terrible is because I'm holding the mouse with my right
hand and actually I'm a lefty.
So that's why this is very, very terrible.
I'm a lefty and I hold a mouse and my right hand.
That's why I cannot do very well if I were to do it with my left hand because I'm left handed and I'm
completely lefty.
Right.
So that's why this is looking very terrible.
And it doesn't matter because this is fully functional.
It works.
Right.
So clear.
This is going to be it for this project and this chapter.
See you guys in the next one.